I have written a basic level shell which supports the following commands :

1. cd - This is a command to present working directory
2. echo - This command to print user statements on shell
3. pwd - This command dispaly the present working directory on shell
4. history - This command display all the previous entered commands
5. exit - This command close the shell.
6. ls - To display the list of directories 
7. rm - Tho remove a directory
8. mkdir - To make a new directory
9. date - To display the present date
10.cat - To display the file content 

Commands and Options that can be executed -

1. cd 
 a. cd.. - This is to go to one directory up
 b. cd/ - This is to change to root directory
 c. cddir1/dir2/dir3 - This command is used to go inside a perticular directory
 d. cd~ or cd : This is used to change the home directory
 e. cd[directory] - This is to change to a directory
 f. cd-P - This is equal to cd/
 g. cd-L - This is same as cd[directory]

2. echo
 a. echo[string]- It is used to print the past string on the shell
 b. echo-E[string] - This command will disable all the backslashes
 c. echo--help - This displays the basic information of the echo command

3. pwd
 a. pwd-L - This is used to display the symbolic path
 b. pwd--help - This command is used to provide basic information of pwd

4. history 
 a. history-c - This is to erase all the history of the shell
 b. history--help - This provides basic information of the history command

5. exit
 a. exit--help - This is used to basic information of exit command
 
6. ls
 a. ls-1 - It print every file in a new line
 b. ls-i - It print the inode number
 
7. rm
 a. rm-i - It is to remove any file in interative mode
 b. rm-v - It is to dispaly end message when all files are removed
 
8. mkdir
 a. mkdir-v - It is to display a message of sucess after the completion of making a directory
 b. mkdir-i - It dispaly the message after the directory is made.
 
9. date
 a. date-u - It dispalys date in utf time
 b. date-r filename - It displays the time when the file was last edited
 
10 cat
 a. cat-E - It display $ sign at the end of each line
 b. cat-n filename - It give number to all the lines

Error Handled
 1. cd 
  a. If the parameter directory does not exist it will show an error
  b. if you give illegal arguments then it shows an error
 
2. echo
  a. If you give illegal arguments it will show an error
  b. If you give invalid option it will give an error

3.pwd
 a. If you pass invalid parameters it will show an error
 b. If you pass invalid options it will show an error

4. history
 a. If you pass invalid options it will show an error
 b. If you pass invalid parameters it will show an error
 
5. Exit 
 a. If you pass invalid parameters it will show an error
 
6.ls
 a. If you pass a directory that doesn't exist, it will give error
 b. If you pass more than one file then it will give error

7.rm 
 a.If the directory doesn't exist then it will give error
 b.If you pass invalid options it will show an error 
8.mkdir
  a.If any error occure in making a new directory then it will display error message
  b.If you pass invalid options it will show an error 

9.date
 a.If the file doesn't exist then it will give error
 b.If you pass invalid options it will show an error 

10.cat
 a. If the file doesn't exist then it will give error
 b. If you pass invalid options it will show an error 

Assupmtions

1. Maximum 1000 arguments can be passed
2. Maximum length of file name can be 1000 letter long
3. Every command should be space separeted 